shirayarhi, omri.tamam
Shira Yarhi (318344637), Omri Tamam (315564112)
EX: 2

FILES:
uthreads.cpp - static lib implementation
README - this file
Makefile - regular make file - output is "libuthreads.a", no args needed
ANSWERS:

Q1:
many process contains separate parts that are independent and their process time is very long - such as services using
web server/ remote DB which requires sometimes OS intervention. Web browser is a good example - each component come from
another server - add server, photos server, app server..0 the time od processing the data is much smaller than the the
waiting to receive it. We dont have to use process because the website is managed by single process with common data.

Q2:
New process wont share common data with other processes, unlike threads. That's a good attribute for information security.
In this way each tab get her own block of memory, and the CPU blocks the process to interact rawly with other process's data.
In the google chrome example - we dont want one website to access data from another tab.
For example i dont want facebook.com know what are my bank account details when im browsing both websites.
The main disadvantages are using a lot of memory and high overhead switching process instead of user-level threads.

Q3:
Any keyboard type sends an interrupt from keyboard hardware to the CPU, which handled by an interrupt vector function.
Screen output is managed by OS as well, but using signals - the OS sends an signal to CPU which handled by rendering
function from the vector function. So far we explained the typing procedure.
A new process is born when the Shell process receive a program name + ENTER, the shell make a syscall for the program,
the OS get he call, switch to kernel mode and allocate memory for a new process. the Shell will be registered as a
father process. The "ps -A" activate a sys call to list all running processes. "kill <pid>" sends a OS kill signal
(SIGTERM/SIGKILL), a OS kernel operation, to the process that now will be died and the OS will free it memory and remove
it from the processes list.

Q4:
The real timer is a regular timer that measures the time of the process including interrupts and signals.
The OS counter of the process is an example of a real timer.
The Virtual timer is a timer whose time depends on the time that takes the CPU to do some job.
that means that if you want to measure the time that takes the computer to do something, you should use the virtual timer
that does not disturb by interrupts and signals.
If we want to measure the time of the process we should use the virtual timer.

Q5:
The main goal of the sigsetjmp function is to save the environment of the running thread (and in particular the relevant
location in the stack - SP, and the current location in the code - PC).
The environment has been saved to the thread’s buffer.
The siglongjmp function extracts the environment of the thread that we want to launch ( saved in the buffer) and jumps
to the place that we call to sigsetjmp.